Rename `example` to `test case` in many places (#4631)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis/docs/explanation/example-count.rst

    def test_function(n):
        assume(n % 2 == 0)

will run roughly 200 times, since half of the test cases are discarded from the |assume|.

Note that while failing an |assume| triggers an immediate retry of the entire test case, Hypothesis will try several times in the same test case to satisfy a |.filter| condition. This makes expressing the same condition using |.filter| more efficient than |assume|.

Also note that even if your code does not explicitly use |assume| or |.filter|, a builtin strategy may still use them and cause retries. We try to directly satisfy conditions where possible instead of relying on rejection sampling, so this should be relatively uncommon.

Test cases which are too large
------------------------------

> For performance reasons, Hypothesis places an internal limit on the size of a single test case. If a test case exceeds this size limit, we will retry generating it and will not count it towards the |max_examples| limit. (And if we see too many of these large test cases, we will raise |HealthCheck.data_too_large|, unless suppressed with |settings.suppress_health_check|).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance reasons, Hypothesis places an internal limit on the number of choices required to generate any single test case. If a test case overruns this size limit, we will retry generating it and will not count it towards the |max_examples| limit. (And if we see too many of these large test cases, we will raise |HealthCheck.data_too_large|, unless suppressed with |settings.suppress_health_check|).
```
